ticdc: add binary_encoding_method to openapi v2 (#14596)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

# The storage URI of the redo log.
# The default value is empty.
storage = ""
# Specifies whether to store the redo log in a local file.
# The default value is false.
use-file-backend = false

> # The number of encoding workers in the redo module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The number of encoding and decoding workers in the redo module.
```

sasl-oauth-grant-type = "client_credentials"
# The audience in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-audience = "kafka"

[sink.cloud-storage-config]
# The concurrency for saving data changes to the downstream cloud storage. 
# The default value is 16.
worker-count = 16
# The interval for saving data changes to the downstream cloud storage.
# The default value is "2s".
flush-interval = "2s"
# A data change file is saved to the cloud storage when the number of bytes in this file exceeds `file-size`.
# The default value is 67108864 (this is, 64 MiB).
file-size = 67108864

# The duration to retain files, which takes effect only when `date-separator` is configured as `day`. Assume that `file-expiration-days = 1` and `file-cleanup-cron-spec = "0 0 0 * * *"`, then TiCDC performs daily cleanup at 00:00:00 for files saved beyond 24 hours. For example, at 00:00:00 on 2023/12/02, TiCDC cleans up files generated before 2023/12/01, while files generated on 2023/12/01 remain unaffected.

> # The default value is 0, which means file cleaning is disabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The default value is 0, which means file cleanup is disabled. 
```

file-expiration-days = 0

> # The running cycle of the scheduled cleanup task, compatible with the crontab configuration, with a format of `Second | Minute | Hour | Dom | Month | DowOptional`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The running cycle of the scheduled cleanup task, compatible with the crontab configuration, with a format of `<Second> <Minute> <Hour> <Day of the month> <Month> <Day of the week (Optional)>`
```

# The default value is "0 0 2 * * *", which means that the cleanup task is executed every day at 2 AM.
file-cleanup-cron-spec = "0 0 2 * * *"
# The concurrency for uploading a single file.

> # The default value is 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The default value is 1, which means concurrency is disabled.
```

sasl-oauth-grant-type = "client_credentials"
# The audience in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-audience = "kafka"

[sink.cloud-storage-config]
# Concurrency for saving data changes to cloud storage in the downstream. 
# The default value is 16.
worker-count = 16
# Interval for saving data changes to cloud storage in the downstream.
# The default value is 2s.
flush-interval = "2s"
# A data change file is stored to cloud storage if the number of bytes exceeds the value of this parameter.
# The default value is 64MB.
file-size = 67108864

> # The retention duration of the file, which takes effect only when date-separator is configured to day. Suppose that 'file-expiration-days = 1', TiCDC will clean up the files before 2023/12/01 (note: not including 2023/12/01) at 2023/12/02 00:00:00.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The duration to retain files, which takes effect only when `date-separator` is configured as `day`. Assume that `file-expiration-days = 1` and `file-cleanup-cron-spec = "0 0 0 * * *"`, then TiCDC performs daily cleanup at 00:00:00 for files saved beyond 24 hours. For example, at 00:00:00 on 2023/12/02, TiCDC cleans up files generated before 2023/12/01, while files generated on 2023/12/01 remain unaffected.
```

# The default value is 0, which means file cleaning is disabled. 
file-expiration-days = 0

> # This parameter controls the running period of the scheduled clearing task. It is compatible with the crontab configuration and the format is `Second | Minute | Hour | Dom | Month | DowOptional`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The running cycle of the scheduled cleanup task, compatible with the crontab configuration, with a format of `Second | Minute | Hour | Dom | Month | DowOptional`
```

> # The default value is "0 0 2 * * *".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The default value is "0 0 2 * * *", which means that the cleanup task is executed every day at 2 AM.
```

file-cleanup-cron-spec = "0 0 2 * * *"

> # The concurrency of uploading a single file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The concurrency for uploading a single file.
```
